1. Use Feature Branches
Adopting a feature branch strategy is key to organizing your work when developing new features. This keeps your main branch clean and prevents incomplete or buggy code from affecting others.

Steps to Create a Feature Branch:
Checkout from the main branch:

First, ensure you’re on the latest version of the main branch (usually main or master).
bash
Copy code
git checkout main
git pull origin main
Create a new branch for your feature:

Name your branch clearly based on the feature you’re adding.
bash
Copy code
git checkout -b feature/notification-new-reminder-feature
In this example, you’re creating a branch for the new reminder feature in the Notification Microservice.

2. Commit Regularly and Meaningfully
As you develop the new feature, commit your changes incrementally. Each commit should represent a logical step in the development process.

Best Practices for Commit Messages:
Write clear and concise commit messages that explain what and why changes were made.
Use an imperative mood (e.g., "Add reminder functionality to notification service").
Example:
bash
Copy code
git commit -m "Add email reminder functionality to notification microservice"
3. Versioning Your Microservice
If you're following semantic versioning (recommended), increment the version of your Notification Microservice based on the type of change you're making:

Patch (X.Y.Z → X.Y.Z+1): If you’re making backward-compatible bug fixes.
Minor (X.Y.Z → X.Y+1.Z): If you’re adding backward-compatible new features (which applies to your case).
Major (X.Y.Z → X+1.Y.Z): If you’re introducing incompatible API changes.
Versioning in package.json or pom.xml:
If your microservice is in Node.js, update the version field in package.json.
json
Copy code
{
  "name": "notification-service",
  "version": "1.2.0",  // Updated for a new minor feature
  ...
}
If your microservice is in Java (Spring Boot), update the version in pom.xml if needed:
xml
Copy code
<version>1.2.0</version>
4. Test the New Feature in Isolation
Before merging your feature branch back into the main branch, thoroughly test the new feature:

Write unit tests and, if applicable, integration tests to cover the new functionality.
Run existing tests to ensure no regressions have been introduced.
Use a CI tool (like GitHub Actions, Jenkins, or GitLab CI) to automatically run tests on your feature branch.
5. Push the Feature Branch to Remote Repository
Once you’re satisfied with your local development, push your feature branch to the remote repository.

bash
Copy code
git push origin feature/notification-new-reminder-feature
This creates a copy of your branch on the remote repository, allowing others to see your work or collaborate if needed.

6. Create a Pull Request (PR)
When the feature is complete and tested, create a pull request (PR) to merge the feature branch back into the main branch.

Title: Use a descriptive title (e.g., "Add reminder functionality to notification microservice").
Description: Explain what the feature does, how it works, and any important implementation details. If there are breaking changes, clearly mention them.
Link issues: If the feature is associated with a ticket or issue, reference it in the PR.
Code Review:
Once the PR is open, team members can review the code, suggest improvements, and ensure the feature meets the quality standards.
After review, the feature can be merged into the main branch.
7. Merge the Feature Branch
Once your feature is approved, merge the branch into the main branch:

Rebase the feature branch onto the latest main branch to ensure it's up to date and has no conflicts:

bash
Copy code
git checkout main
git pull origin main
git checkout feature/notification-new-reminder-feature
git rebase main
Merge the feature branch:

After rebasing, either merge the branch through the GitHub/GitLab UI or from the terminal:
bash
Copy code
git checkout main
git merge feature/notification-new-reminder-feature
Delete the feature branch after merging:

bash
Copy code
git branch -d feature/notification-new-reminder-feature
8. Tag the Release (Optional)
Once the new feature is merged into the main branch and is ready for deployment, you can create a Git tag to mark the new version.

Example: Tagging version 1.2.0 after a new feature is added.
bash
Copy code
git tag -a v1.2.0 -m "Release version 1.2.0 with new reminder feature"
git push origin v1.2.0
This ensures that the version is marked in Git history, making it easier to track when specific features were added or changes were made.

9. CI/CD Pipeline for Deployment
Once the feature is merged into the main branch, your CI/CD pipeline should automatically trigger:

Build and test the microservice.
Deploy the updated service to the staging or production environment based on your setup.
If you're using Docker, ensure that a new Docker image is built with the updated version tag and pushed to your container registry.

bash
Copy code
docker build -t notification-service:1.2.0 .
docker push myregistry.com/notification-service:1.2.0
Summary of Git Workflow for New Feature:
Create a new feature branch from the main branch.
Commit regularly with clear, meaningful messages.
Update the version in package.json or pom.xml using semantic versioning (e.g., 1.1.0 → 1.2.0 for new features).
Test thoroughly (unit, integration).
Push the feature branch to the remote repository.
Create a pull request for code review.
Merge the feature branch into the main branch.
Optionally, tag the release.